Li Yi brothers
The amount is relatively large this time.
I will notify Cailu to transfer the money to your card ASAP.
Li Yi, please don't fool us
This is also a million
It's not a small amount for our royal family
Xu Chengshengdang's commercial chairperson
It will definitely target our royal family
Don't talk nonsense
I still believe in your brother.
I won't trick people
Business is business
Bury that ground
At that time, the construction rights will be buried
The website will never be sleepy
And I also have some advanced construction concepts
Can provide
Yes!
head of delegation
Mr. Wang, please sign this agreement again
If the government hadn't moved here
You write
I'll take it.
I don't have to believe you.
Wife um guess
How much money do I have now?
How could you guess in the end?
I have 10 million
10 million
Grandpa
Although I have been in the hospital
But I also heard some news
About you and the Xu family
Wife
Don't worry.
It's just a Xu family
It won't be long
Jiangcheng is not false